Mention that the account requires funding (#135)
svilupp/PromptingTools.jl: docs/src/frequently_asked_questions.md

   end
   ```

## Getting the error "429 Too Many Requests"?

> This error has been reported, along with the message "You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors". It was concluded that this was because the account in question was not funded, which meant that the "current quota" was zero. Unlike using [ChatGPT online](chat.openai.com/), it is not free to access ChatGPT via the OpenAI API. Note however that each request is cheap, and that it might make sense to pay a few cents or dollars for the online service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have not just sent hundreds of requests, this error might be related to insufficient "credits" in your account balance.

See the error message. If it says "You exceeded your current quota, please check your plan and billing details. For more information on this error, read the docs: https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/error-codes/api-errors", you'll need to re-charge your account balance. Visit [Billing overview](https://platform.openai.com/settings/organization/billing/overview).

Please note that, unlike ChatGPT, OpenAI API is NOT free. However, individual requests are extremely cheap (eg, tenth of a cent), so if you charge $5, it might last you up to hundreds of requests (depending on the models and prompts).
```
